[Music]
hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be showing you
a university room tour which has been so
highly requested
literally since the day i moved to
university
very very aware this poster has been
cool i have had this poster in every
single one of my university rooms
uh it was a leaving present from my
english teacher when i left school okay
then here is my door i've just put my
kanken here
my ski coat because i get very cold i'm
also using
this santa sack as my
laundry bag i also just put this little
mat down here but i just really like it
i love the textures of it it looks very
farmhousey
okay so then if we move over here um
this is my wardrobe and it's
massive like absolutely huge i was not
expecting the wardrobe to be this big
it's like one two three four doors and
there are cupboards at the top i haven't
even tried opening these because i don't
have
nearly enough things with me to fill
those there is a lot of storage in here
and all of these doors
so along the top there are
these compartments and both of these two
are just basically holding bags and
boxes that i can use
if and when i go home
and also hangers because they actually
came with hangers this wardrobe and so i
bought these but i didn't need them
then here i've got some board games so
i've got
junior dingbats harry potter pursuit and
a pack of playing cards
here are my course books so
most of my books i'm actually buying on
kindle this year um i don't have many
physical ones
i've just bought my complete poems of
emily dickinson with me this is the
textbook for
my theatricals module and then these
three books are library books i got out
at the moment
one of them's on whitman one of them's
on dickinson and
one of them is called empire for liberty
which i spotted when i was at the
library and i was like wow this is
the perfect book to get for my modeling
american literature literally called
empire of liberty
so this is about herman melville and i'm
very intrigued to see where that phrase
empire
for liberty comes from and how that
might have informed our module title
i don't have a bookcase in this room but
obviously i wanted a place to display my
books
so i've used this shelf for my books and
i was planning on getting a bookshelf
and putting it there but i
probably won't do that these were
belated birthday presents when i came
back to universities this one's from
blakely and this one's from sasha
um so sasha got me this
arthur rackham very book and it's got
the most gorgeous illustrations like
it's just absolutely beautiful flakey
bought me this absolutely stunning book
it's called bibliophile
and the illustrations inside are just
gorgeous it's all about books oh my gosh
literally she knows me so well
most of these are fiction books you can
definitely pause and see what books i've
got here
so then as you can see i've got this
massive array of
drawers so in the top one i've got
cleaning supplies
like um disinfectant wipes
these are latex gloves
surface spray that's how much solution
and my
favorite thing which is data spread then
in the second one
so my hats are here these are like
little accessories gloves and then all
back here i put scarves yes i did bring
four scarfs with me my favorite scarf at
the moment is this one from miss patina
it's like kind of reminds me of maybe
like the 1920s or 30s
and that's sailor style which was really
fashionable i don't know
i very much enjoy it next drawer is tops
and t-shirts
then in here i've got skirts and then
trousers and shorts
in this one i have underwear this is
sportswear
pajamas they're very shallow drawers as
well it looks like i've got loads of
um but all of these layers are just one
thick then there's a little gap here and
then in these one
basically cameras chargers
tripod and then in here i've got a sd
card in here i've got my other
electronics
uh this is a screen protector i still
need to put on my phone
empty and the final one is random things
that i
didn't know where else to put those all
the drawers and i will just briefly show
you the rest of my wardrobe it
like it's all pretty self-explanatory
here are my hanging clothes
and down here i've got my school bag
this is the bag i rotate to university
every day
exercise mat my bike stuff and my tennis
racket
i do very much enjoy this bike helmet
i've got to say
it's on back to front isn't it this is
the other one i've just got a few more
hanging things
um that was a lamp that came with the
room i didn't want to use
then i have a mirror here which is very
nice
this mirror is so dirty over the top i
have some photographs
and then we move on to a very very cool
part of my room which i
am very excited about because i loved
i've always loved the idea of having a
sink in my room very useful especially
with covert because it means
i can wash my hands whenever i want very
easily from the comfort of my bedroom
i've just decorated the black hole with
loads of my favorite photographs
back here i've got my hair accessories
like hair clips scrunchies all my makeup
is in here
and i've also got this eyeshadow palette
i've never used any of these ones but i
do like these ones obviously the
essentials for a sink
and then up here i've just got some like
skincare bits
and here's my digital thermometer which
the university actually gave us
so i take my temperature with this every
morning just to make sure that i
am not exhibiting symptoms of cobaid
under the sink i've just got some more
toiletries
hand sanitizer a towel and i've got a
box which is empty
and also a spare towel and my contact
lenses
oh by the way i've also got this rug
here um which i bought from home
and i just think this adds like such a
nice homey touch to the room
next we've got this dark academia mood
board which i
am so happy with i'm so happy with how
it turned out the backing base i use
is just like tara torn out articles from
the new yorker because i have loads of
old new yorkers um so i just used that
as the background and then i stuck
postcards over the top i'll just point
out a few of my favorites
so this is from the british book reader
she sent it to me abby is lovely
fate of natasha and i love this photo
there's jade and i
there's my kitty this is from alice in
wonderland the ballet
wooden spoon and my beautiful beautiful
mom isn't she so gorgeous look at that
photo
i've got emmeline pankhurst flakey gave
me this
kafka one which i am obsessed with next
here i have this
chair which to be fair i don't really
use but
i like the idea of using it um i love
curling up an arm chest to read
and now that i'm sat here and wondering
why i don't do this more often
this was in the room when i moved in and
i've got a really nice
throw over the top because i didn't
really like the color of it and
then i've just decorated it with this
cushion that says let's build a fort so
as you can probably imagine this is
where i spend the bulk of my time
and i'm really happy with again
like just the general decor of this as
you can see i've actually got a blanket
over the top
it's like this cherry wood and i really
really hate this color of wood like
orangey wood i just really don't like i
much i
always find it more productive when i
work on a white surface so
i've done the best thing i can do which
is putting this on so far it's worked
pretty well oh also down by the side of
the desk i have this
taotronics lamp and i've got this poster
that keeps on falling down i need to
find a way to put it up
and then under my chair i've got a box
of candles which is very important
over my chair i've just put this i think
it's meant to be a tablecloth actually
then this is my desk and
over this side i've always got some
water on this lovely coaster
this is from keratins which is a lovely
etsy shop
i've got my laptop and then over here
i've got
a photograph of my family in this gold
frame with a little polar express
ticket um i've got this cute
little pen pot you can see i've got some
dried lavender in here which is kind of
molting
and then i've also got a candlestick and
candle stuffer
so then i have got drawers which is
really cool
okay so first of all top drawer i've got
my pens in here
then i've got other like mainly this is
washi tape and
sticky notes hand sanitizer
in here i've got my vintage zebra sarasa
pens
an apple pencil calculator i've got this
little mammoth pad
as well which is coming very useful
in the second draw i have got notebooks
so obviously on top
i've got my academic planner notebooks
more notebooks i've got a whiteboard
under there too
and then i've got my headphones for when
i'm studying
and then finally in the bottom drawer
i've just got a white lines mix
paper thing and also letter writing
supplies a dress book
watercolor paints and these are things i
can use to decorate my letters
by the side of my desk i've got this
printer which has really been playing up
so i've actually been able to use it
since coming back to university i need
to
fix this um and i've also got this
folder
and my ipad so then this is
my window as you can see the window is
frosted
i'm not gonna lie it can be quite
annoying sometimes but also it makes
it look really misty like october
november missed all of the time which is
perfect to study too
so i can't complain too much so then if
we move over here
um i've got these two posters i love the
titanic
um i'm really interested by it um and
so i have these two faces up number one
number two
i've also got this cute little thing
inspired by the nutcracker
so now we move over to my favorite bit
of the room i think which is the bed
um i'm just really happy with how this
turned out as you can see the fairy
lights
very sadly dropped down it looked a lot
better when these were up all the way
but alas they are now in a heap on the
floor and
it still looks very nice over here but
this is slightly bare and lacking so i
do need to find a way to put these back
up
so above my bedside table i have all of
these photographs
letter organizer so basically sorting
letters i want to send
letters i need to reply to i've got this
book of
letters which we wrote during lockdown
and
also the book i'm reading at the moment
lavender pillow mist this
cute cute cute polar bella don't you
just love this i'm obsessed
then in the drawer i just have a few
bits
the other book i'm reading at the moment
my journal hand cream glasses
bookmarks usually sit here but i'm
basically using all of them at the
moment
and i've also got this fidget cube which
i actually do very much
enjoy using if i'm stressed so that goes
in there
and then at the bottom i've just got
some magazine this is such a kind of
random thing for a 20 year old to have a
subscription to you but i have a
subscription to
country living magazine and so i keep
my copies down here i love this magazine
so much
this cushion was from ebay this one's
from dunno um i've got my
childhood favorite soft toy this is a
microwave one like
you can use as a water bottle and on the
other side
i'm gonna have to make my bed after this
i've got the cutest avocado
it's so good it's so lovely to hug at
night like
i would totally recommend you getting
one of these anyway thank you so much
for watching my university room tour
2020. i hope that you enjoyed
watching it and i hope that you have a
productive week
you